# DataScienceCohort Projects 2020

We have brought together some of the Brightest minds in Financial Data Science from around the World and want to share with you some of the most groundbreaking innovations in Financial Data Science (FinScience) and Financial Technology (FinTech).

Checkout www.Cryptoshare.App

Project 1 - Quantamental Analysis Terms part 1
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/1%20QUANTAMENTAL%20ANALYSIS%20TERMS%20part%201%20(Simply%20Explained)%20-%20DATA%20SCIENCE%20TEAM%20PROJECT.pptx%20(1).pdf

Project 2 - Quantamental Analysis Terms part 2
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/2%20QUANTAMENTAL%20ANALYSIS%20TERMS%20part%202%20(Simply%20Explained)%20-%20DATA%20SCIENCE%20TEAM%20PROJECT.pdf

Project 3 - A Stock Prediction Model using Python and deployment with Flask with Documentation
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/3%20STOCK%20PREDICTION%20APPLICATION%20AND%20DEPLOYMENT%20USING%20FLASK%20(Data_Science_Project_Team_1).ipynb

Project 4 - Quantitative Finance with Quantopian (Data Science Report)
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/4%20QUANTOPIAN%20FINANCE%20-%20DATA%20SCIENCE%20TEAM%20PROJECT.pptx.pdf

Project 5 - Machine Learning Credit Card Fraud Techniques (Data Science Report)
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/5%20CREDIT%20CARD%20FRAUD%20MODEL%20DATA%20SCIENCE%20REPORT%20-%20DATA%20SCIENCE%20TEAM%20PROJECT%20.pdf

Project 6 - How to Create a Candlestick Chart in Python
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/6_How_to_Create_a_Candlestick_Chart_using_Python.ipynb

Project 7 - How to Backtest a Simple Moving Average Strategy
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/7_How_to_Backtest_a_Simple_Moving_Average_Strategy.ipynb

Project 8 - How to Backtest a Bollinger Bands Strategy
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/8_How_to_Backtest_a_Bollinger_Bands_Strategy.ipynb

Project 9 - How to Backtest a Relative Strength index StrategyÂ¶
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/9_How_to_Backtest_a_Relative_Strength_index_Strategy%C2%B6.ipynb

Project 10 - How to create a Interactive Dashboard using Python
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2010_How_to_Create_a_Technical_Analysis_Interactive_Dashboard.ipynb

Project 11 - How to create a Time Series
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2011_Time_Series_Model.ipynb

Project 12 - How to create a Fraud Detection Model
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2012_Credit_Card_Fraud_Detection_Model.ipynb

Project 13 - What is Decentralized Finance
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2013%20Decentralized%20Finance.pptx.pdf

Project 14 - CryptoCurrency (Simply Explained)
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2014%20Cryptocurrencies%20(Simply%20Explained).pptx.pdf

Project 15 - Stellar (Simply Explained)
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2015%20-%20Stellar%20(simply%20explained)%20-%20William%20Munson.pdf

Project 16 - Options (Simply Explained)
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2016%20-%20Options%20(Simply%20Explained).pdf

Project 17 - Deep Learning for Finance
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2017%20-%20Deep_Learning_for_Finance.ipynb

Project 18 - Online Bank Account Application
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2019%20-%20Banking_Project.ipynb

Project 19 - Blockchain Simply 
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2020%20-%20Blockchain%20Simply%20Explained.pdf

Project 20 - CyberSecurity and Financial Data Science
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2021%20-%20CyberSecurity%20%26%20Financial%20Data%20Science.pdf

Project 21 - Data Science and CyberSecurity
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2022%20-%20Data%20Science%20And%20CyberSecurity.pptx.pdf

Project 22 - Blockchain Engineering
https://github.com/Worlddatascience/DataScienceCohort/blob/master/Project%2023%20-%20Blockchain%20Engineering.pdf
